Create an Output action (#108)
hashicorp/terraform-github-actions: README.md

| Name                          | Description                                          |
|-------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| `tf_actions_plan_has_changes` | Whether or not the Terraform plan contained changes. |

> | `tf_outputs`                  | The outputs in json format from Terraform state.     |

Reviewer: Being a bit more concise.

```suggestion
| `tf_actions_output`                  | The Terraform outputs in JSON format.     |
```
